Added options for object-based props definition in API (#2028)
vuejs/vuejs.org: src/v2/api/index.md

  A list/hash of attributes that are exposed to accept data from the parent component. It has an Array-based simple syntax and an alternative Object-based syntax that allows advanced configurations such as type checking, custom validation and default values.

  With Object-based syntax, you can use following options:

>     - **type:** can be one of the following native constructors: `String`, `Number`, `Boolean`, `Array`, `Object`, `Date`, `Function`, `Symbol`, any custom constructor function or an array of those. Will check if a prop has a given type, and will throw a warning if it doesn't. [More information](../guide/components-props.html#Prop-Types) on prop types.

Reviewer: Is it better to wrap the object keys **type**, **default**, **required** and **validator** with backquotes? Because they are kinds of actual code somehow. 🤔
I will give a PR if you all don't mind.
Thanks.

    - **default:** `any`

>     Specifies a default value for the prop. If prop is not passed, the `default` value will be used instead. Object or array defaults must be returned from a factory function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Specifies a default value for the prop. If the prop is not passed, this value will be used instead. Object or array defaults must be returned from a factory function.
```

    - **required:** `Boolean`

>     Defines if prop is required. When set to `true`, will produce a console warning if prop is not passed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Defines if the prop is required. In a non-production environment, a console warning will be thrown if this value is truthy and the prop is not passed.
```

    - **validator:** `Function`

>     Custom validator function that takes the prop value and returns a boolean. When returns `false` (i.e. when prop fails validation), throws a console warning. You can read more about props validation [here](../guide/components-props.html#Prop-Validation).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Custom validator function that takes the prop value as the sole argument. In a non-production environment, a console warning will be thrown if this function returns a falsy value (i.e. the validation fails). You can read more about prop validation [here](../guide/components-props.html#Prop-Validation).
```

  A list/hash of attributes that are exposed to accept data from the parent component. It has an Array-based simple syntax and an alternative Object-based syntax that allows advanced configurations such as type checking, custom validation and default values.

  With Object-based syntax, you can use following options:

>     - **type:** can be one of the following native constructors: `String`, `Number`, `Boolean`, `Array`, `Object`, `Date`, `Function`, `Symbol` or any custom constructor function. Will check if a prop has a given type, and will throw a warning if it doesn't.

Reviewer 3: It can also be an array of those, like
```javascript
type: [String, Number]
```

Consider adding a `"More"` link to: https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/components-props.html#Prop-Types

Author: Fixed! 👍

    - **default:** `any`
    Specifies a default value for the prop. If prop is not passed, the `default` value will be used instead. Object or array defaults must be returned from a factory function.
    - **required:** `Boolean`
    Defines if prop is required. When set to `true`, will produce a console warning if prop is not passed.
    - **validator:** `Function`
    Custom validator function that takes the prop value and returns a boolean. When returns `false` (i.e. when prop fails validation), throws a console warning.

>   You can read more about props validation [here](../guide/components-props.html#Prop-Validation).

Reviewer 3: I think this sentence should be part of the paragraph above, about the validator. The way it is right now it seems to be a sentence detatched from the list of options we saw before, and not related to the last point of that list (`validator`)
